"The goal of this project is to compare the performance of different classification models on a real dataset. The dataset has 9471 instances and requires data preprocessing and exploratory data analysis. The project will be implemented in Python and will make use of the scikit-learn library for machine learning. The following classifiers will be used in this project: 1. Naive Bayes 2. K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) 3. Decision Tree 4. Logistic Regression 5. Support Vector Machine (SVM) The data cleaning process will involve dropping unnecessary columns and handling missing values using forward fill and backward fill techniques. Exploratory data analysis will be carried out using histogram plots to analyze the distribution of each feature in the dataset. The correlation matrix will also be plotted as a heatmap to show the correlation between the features. The dataset will be split into training and testing sets using the train_test_split method from scikit-learn. The models will be trained on the training set and tested on the testing set to evaluate their performance. The performance of the models will be evaluated based on their predictive accuracy, which will be computed using the accuracy_score method from scikit-learn. Classification reports and confusion matrices will also be used to evaluate the performance of the models. Finally, the results of the model comparison will be summarized and conclusions will be drawn based on the performance of the models. The project will demonstrate the effectiveness of different classification models and their suitability for different types of datasets."
